# Hate

The soapy water had collected into a river filled with swimming lumps of foam and ice. Nauseatingly flowed down the street gutter on the other side of the road. It somehow made me feel colder, it’s already too cold—I have too many layers on, everyone thinks I look like an idiot, but they look just as bad. That’s a lie, they all look better. Colder than before I noticed that stupid stream and even more disgusting. 

At least that car will be clean by the end; someone who could keep a car in that state for so long I can’t stand. They’re probably sad and lonely, good to stay away from. The squealing sound of a dying fox as the sponge scraped the grime—no, not of the person, the car, although it should be both if being blunt—it ruined the otherwise lovely street: frozen windows of clean cars, clean windows of clean homes, clean displays, clean roads, then that dirty car. At least it’s going to be clean. Good morning for washing the car—finally. I would have done it myself if I had to look at in another morning, well I wouldn't have. Still. Shut up. 

It’s always better in Summer, unless it’s too hot, I’d much rather be cold than hot if I had to choose but dying in the cold scares me more—would you rather?—I’ve always hated those—why are you making one? Summer. Flowers fill those wooden crates, although there’s lots of bees and wasps, little annoyances, people seem happier. That’s always great, all that *buzzing*. I would be happier too. In the summer I take off more layers and everyone is blessed with the monstrosity I was put in, 

“Oh, take that off, you must be boiling!”—I would if I could disappear at the same time. 

The curtains on the balconies are always drawn back in the morning and evening and the windows opened and the fans turned on; people try not to care what strangers see as they stare in when the Summer breaks through their windows. They sway in the breeze, gently, and at midday are drawn closed to complain about the heat. Just like the curtains are, but those are drawn to keep the sun from boring inside any longer. 

Many days I would come and sit on this corner, on this chair, at this table, sipping a stingingly cold beverage—whatever I was in the mood for—thinking about...well anything, it doesn’t matter: the beauty of the heat, forming a mirage of bliss as many smiles walked along cheerfully; the chill of the evening, how it refreshed the spirit so easily after the months of cold darkness; the latest investment to be made, monetary or otherwise—while reclining comfortably, a regular at the café. 

What a joke, no-one does that and anyone who does is a liar, anyone who says they do is a fool. They all just pretend to do that. Not I, I know that I’m lying when I do that. Others probably don’t know that I know, so they look at me like something I’m not. If they just looked at me how I was then I could be like that, instead I pretend—am forced to pretend—to be someone else: a horrible person who no-one wants to like.

But it’s Winter. For a start, the car has been perched on the opposite side, ruining the otherwise decent street with its grime. Although I must admit, there isn’t much to ruin. All the flowers and plants and animals and insects are dead or vanished or something else and it doesn’t really matter either way. Just gone, replaced—like the cheap, disposable pens you’re hassled for—by people hobbling along like dwarves with long icicles on their faces and not caring about that, not caring like how I don’t care when I realised my good mood was ruined by thinking about the Summer because I had thought about a car. Not any use now, all those frozen pipes and windows, all the spirits flying out as wisps from mouths, all the cozy layers—not mine though, they’re by far the worst thing. Wearing all this. The chance to sit back, sipping a stingingly hot beverage—whatever I was in the mood for—I don’t really have in the Summer (it just isn’t the thing to do) is gone now. Though in the Winter it seems cliché, that’s why everyone hates me. 

The warm tea was very good, I must admit. No! Your mood is ruined because it’s worse, no use anymore thinking about the good things, like the lights that decorate the balconies; the lights were very nice, they had a soft glow. Not anymore: it’s early in the morning. Even if it’s dark, no one turns on the lights in the morning. Just how they don’t turn on the lights and see me.

Why is that water foaming so much? 

It must have a problem with me, it just wants to ruin my day. Certainly, too much soap. The water will dry and stain. Freeze and stain. I suppose in Summer it would evaporate and stain, maybe it wouldn’t, I don’t know. It would fly around like the bees. The water had collected about the street corner, meandering as it went, and was just there. There. Could it not go somewhere else? Down the drain, say, like a civilised stream? 

It’s not much better in the Summer either, always something wrong. There is always something when I’m there. Even a little thing can ruin my little corner or my little life, a little too much heat and it’s even worse than if a car is being washed in front of me. When there’s too much heat there are always too many toothless people walking around with their t-shirts in the Summer and terrible clothes in the Winter, they all walk around like tourists even though they live here; in Winter they all walk around like they want to leave as quickly as possible, disregarding everyone else, but at least they leave quickly.—That’s no good. They’re leaving too fast! Look at me! Notice me sitting here and then move along, don’t just pass by! Please, I beg you, help me. See me, not what you make me show for you to see. Please. Please. Please.—The soft sky is harsh in Summer and harsh in Winter, it’s always too white and bland and bright in Winter, it’s always too blue and bland, and empty in Summer. 

The sky, there’s never anyone doing something there at least. Oh! My phone is ringing—Yes, I'll be there right away no I didn’t lose track I’m just ten minutes away yes, I know I’m late but you said you would call and you didn’t call until you decided it was a good time to call, late. You called late. Just as late as when you first said you would love me whatever happened and for whoever I was. I should stop overexaggerating, that never happened. Just as late as when you called then. 

“Sorry, I must have lost track of time, you know me. I’ll be a few minutes late, don’t wait up—love you too, bye now.” 

I won’t even be able to see if it’s finished. Washing that wreck! If that does ever finish. I doubt it will last. Not until Summer. Next Winter will be the same. I can tell.

She should have called on time, now I’m running. Next time I’ll get up more slowly, people are always startled when I get up too fast. That’s probably why they all hate me. Or something. Something stupid. It really doesn’t matter. 